Uh...
can I help you?
This is gonna sound insane.
but I. um--
I was just in an accident.
And I found this file.
but what I saw inside
doesn't make any sense.
Oh. my God.
We need to talk.
Six hours
and 52 minutes ago.
Barry vanished
right in front of me.
We don't know where he is.
if he's in danger.
or why he's not back yet.
We don't know anything.
Whether he's still alive!
Since then.
I've doubled back to the loft
to look for evidence
at the scene of the crime.
Picked up some weird energy
signature from the air.
trace amounts
of a radioactive isotope
of cobalt.
Did anyone else just
get a bad feeling?
I-- I don't get it.
What could leave behind
radiation like that?
I'm not sure.
But isotopes like this don't
just occur spontaneously.
Barry's disappearance
wasn't an accident.
He was taken. which
is even more terrifying.
It sounds like y'all
could use some help.
Mark!
Welcome back. man.
It's so good to see you.
I was just thinking
about you!
Where have you been?
Tundi. the Arctic.
Corto Maltese.
volunteering at a few
different research facilities.
What are you doing back here?
I called for him.
You knew how to get
in touch with Mark?
A few months after I left.
I reached back out to Cecile.
Guess I just needed
a friend to talk to.
Khione. honey. I'm so sorry
that I couldn't tell you.
But Mark wanted some space.
and he asked me to stay quiet.
I'm sorry. too.
But I am done keeping
my distance.
especially now.
Barry never gave up
on me. you know.
even when I was
at my lowest point.
So I'm not ready
to give up on him.
and I do not think that
any of you are either.
I can try resetting
our satellites to scan
for the cobalt isotope.
And I can call Cisco
at ARGUS.
see if maybe they've heard anything.
I'm gonna go to
the office and search
the database for anything
about cobalt radiation.
I'll come with.
And Khione and I
can recheck the loft
and surrounding areas.
We'll make sure
we didn't miss anything.
Wherever Barry is.
we're gonna find him.
I know it.
Hey. I found some more files
that we can check out.
You okay?
What's wrong?
I was searching for other
unexplained disappearances
in the database. and I came
across this old draft.
I thought I deleted it.
but I guess it was backed up.
Hey. Barry's survived Crisis.
and he's gonna survive this. too.
You know. when we first met
Nora. she was from a timeline
where Barry did vanish
in Crisis.
So she grew up
without a father.
Living with the weight
of that pain.
I thought that
this time around.
we would give her
a better life.
one that she deserves...
together.
But someone's trying
to pull us apart
so that Barry won't be here
for a second time.
It's like my worst nightmare
is coming true.
And I just--
I feel powerless to stop it.
Do you remember
when I first saw that article?
I was just some smart-mouth kid
with a record.
But Iris. you took me
under your wing.
You taught me to be
a reporter and a leader.
So let me help you
and be there for you
like you've been there for me.
And I can start by grabbing
you some tea.
Chamomile. right boss?
Yeah.
- Be right back.
- Thanks.
Oh. hey!
What are you--
We gotta shut that thing.
Get everybody out of here!
Come on. people. move!
What's happening?
Uh-uh. get back
in your office.
- We need to stop that leak!
- No.
You have got
to protect your baby!
If you wanna help.
call for backup. okay?
Maurice?
Oh!
Oh. no.
What's wrong with them?
Iris said it was a gas leak.
It must be halon
from the
fire suppression system.
Are they alive?
Their heartbeats
are so faint.
Well. if they were
breathing in halon.
their brains were starved
of oxygen.
I don't know what we can do
to help them.
I do.
What are you doing to them?
Growing plant cells
inside their body
to help them breathe.
Since when can you do that?
Don't worry.
Your lungs are just getting
used to breathing again.
My chest!
It's on fire!
It's worse than
breathing in tear gas!
What the hell
did you do to us?
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
Just give it a few minutes.
and your bodies
will be back to normal.
I don't know what you are.
but stay away from us!
Ah!
What the hell was all that?
Hang on.
Where's Allegra?
No.
Allegra. wake up!
Allegra!
Wake up. Allegra!
I just don't understand.
She's not waking up.
I mean. did the halon gas
do this to her?
I don't think so.
I'm so sorry. Chester.
She just left my office.
She was trying
to help me. and--
I finished analyzing
Allegra Garcia's symptoms.
She appears to be suffering
from acute radiation syndrome.
There is evidence of a blast
of the cobalt-97 isotope.
She was attacked
with cobalt radiation?
That means
whoever took Barry--
Also attacked Allegra.
Someone is coming
after this team.
The radiation
made Barry disappear.
It didn't put him into a coma.
like it did with Allegra.
We don't know that.
He could be comatose
wherever he went.
Hey. wherever Barry is.
and whatever happened to him.
we need to trust that he can
take care of himself.
'cause right now. we've all got
targets on our backs.
Any one of us could be next.
Khione. what you did
at CCC Media.
do you think maybe
you could cure
Allegra's radiation poisoning?
I can only expel
the unnatural from people.
and the cobalt isotope
is part of the natural order.
Let's lock this place
down then. shall we?
Khione and I can survey
the building together.
And. Iris. for the time being.
maybe you should wait
in the time vault?
I can't help look for Barry
from inside of there.
What--
- Let me handle that.
I just started resetting
the satellites
to scan for the cobalt isotope.
The algorithm
just needs another hour.
Okay.
Let's stay safe. yeah?
We need to make sure
that everyone is alive
when Barry gets back.
It's unbelievable.
You look exactly
like Detective Thawne.
Do you have any ID
on you. Mr. Gilmore?
Dr. Gilmore.
There a problem?
Sorry.
No.
You wanna tell me again
how you found this file?
We've been through this!
There was a lightning strike
in my office at Mercury Labs.
When I woke up.
it was there. staring at me.
And I suddenly had this feeling
that I needed
to know more
about Detective Thawne
and why he looks just like me.
You think I'm crazy.
You know what?
Forget this.
Keep your classified file.
I don't need it anyway.
Wait.
I worked with Detective Thawne.
And even though he was a vet
and I was a rookie.
he went out of his way
to make me feel welcome.
I don't think any of us
ever really got over his death.
What happened to him?
His cause of death
was redacted in the report.
Never got an official story.
Sadly. not
the only mysterious death
to happen in Central City.
Find her.
Did you hear something?
Hear what?
Find her!
I'm sorry.
I need to leave.
Wait.
Please!
Let me help you!
Lounge looks clear.
You okay?
Yeah.
You upset that I've been
in touch with Cecile?
No. not at all.
I'm glad you had
someone to talk to.
It's just.
these last few months.
there were so many things
I wanted to talk to you about.
I guess you just didn't
wanna talk to me.
I...
It's not--
Look. I--
I spent the last seven months
trying to get my head on
straight. you know.
so that I could accept my--
my grief. which I think I have.
But I also learned that...
sometimes. people grow apart.
Not when you have
a bond like we did.
I know we had our problems.
but I forgave you
before you left...
for everything.
So what changed?
You did. Khione!
You are not the same person
you were when I left!
What you did
to those people tonight.
They were dying.
I needed to help them breathe.
Oh. so you turned them
into mutant plant people?
I used nature to bring
air to their lungs.
Khione. there
was nothing natural
about what I saw today.
You warped their bodies.
You made them into monsters!
What--what right
do you have to do that?
I didn't have a choice.
I saved them!
Saved them?
You tortured them.
They could barely speak.
Their skin was green.
You hurt them!
I would never hurt
a living being!
Really?
Did you notice
they didn't say thank you?
They ran away!
Before I left Central City.
I told you there was
something amazing
inside of you.
I really thought
you were gonna be a hero.
but I was wrong.
Khione. you--
you're an abomination.
Iris. I know
that you're hurting right now.
I can feel the despair
pouring off of you.
These last few months.
getting everything
ready for Nora.
painting the nursery.
letting myself dream
of the world that's ahead
of us--
it was too good to be true.
Every time something
really great happens.
something worse comes along
and just cancels it out.
So...
Iris. Barry will come home.
He always does.
Mark?
Khione's gone.
We were doing a perimeter sweep
in the lounge.
and she just bailed.
What?
Why?
When we were at CCC Media.
Khione really scared the people
she was trying to save.
She said she felt
like a monster.
But Khione
wouldn't just leave us.
not while we're in danger.
I was so excited
to see her again.
so excited to reconnect.
And then she just left.
It's like losing Frost
all over again.
I'm so sorry. man.
I--I know how hard
it was when she died.
After Frost came back
from fighting Deathstorm.
Caitlin had her in the med lab.
I never should have left
that room. man.
And maybe I couldn't
have saved her either.
but at least
I could have been there
at her side to hold her hand.
to tell her that I loved her
before she--
Uh.... maybe when I'm done
resetting the satellite. I'll--
I'll go check on Allegra.
Yeah.
You know. I'm not
doing anything right now.
You just need to recalibrate
the scanners
to look for cobalt radiation. right?
Yeah.
I can finish it
for you. if you want.
Really?
Of course.
Thanks. man.
Be with her.
Find her!
Agh!
Who said that?
Find her.
Who are you?
No!
Eddie!
♪ Laughing like children ♪
♪ Living like lovers ♪
It's you. Iris West.
Screw the future.
♪ I guess that's why
they call it ♪
Iris West.
Hey. guys!
Picked up
some Big Belly Burger for you.
Come and get it.
Hey. yeah.
Thanks. Mark.
I'll come grab it.
Be right back.
What the hell?
Cecile!
Mark. what the hell's going on?
Oh. Mark
isn't here right now.
But he served
his purpose. didn't he?
To get all of your teammates
out of the way
so that I could get to you.
the Avatar's lightning rod.
You're the Negative
Speed Force. aren't you?
Now I'm gonna do what I've
wanted to do for a long time.
I'm going to gut you
like a fish.
and your little baby. too.
Time to eliminate
the competition. permanently.
Gah!
Leave her alone!
Nora. are you okay?
Dos she seem okay to you?
Oh!
You can't stay in this plane
of existence forever--
not in the state you're in.
And the moment
you leave to go and heal.
I am coming back for her.
and the entire Allen family!
This is crazy!
We trusted Mark.
He was supposed to protect us.
Turns out he was
hunting us the whole time.
He distracted me
from the satellites.
and he must have upset Khione.
too. to make her leave.
Does this mean
he's the new avatar?
No.
Mark's body is just a vessel.
Whatever they're trying
to use him for.
it's unlike anything
I've ever seen.
- Whoa.
- Oh.
Yeah. the negative forces--
they're attacking me right now
on the cosmic plane.
trying to distract me
from whatever their plan is.
Oh. my God.
Is that why Barry
can't get home.
because he's being held
captive somewhere?
I think so.
Because his connection to me--
it's been disrupted
ever since he's vanished.
I can't find him anywhere
in time or space.
Chester. you need to get
the cobalt scanners
online fast.
I'm really trying.
but Mark sabotaged
all the work
that I had already done.
Well. try harder. please.
He wants to kill
my baby. my family.
and we don't have
a way to stop him!
There's still someone
who can help us:
Khione.
Come on!
There's gotta be something
about you here. Eddie.
I need security
to the CEO's office right now!
No. I just need
to talk to Iris West.
So you broke into her office?
You need to leave!
She used to know someone.
Eddie Thawne.
I need to find out
what happened to him.
It's a matter
of life and death.
- Eddie!
Ah!
What did you do?
That's how you and I met.
What did you do. Eddie?
In here!
I need to see how he died.
Gideon. can you start
a recording
for Barry's eyes only?
Yes. Iris West-Allen.
Can you show me a picture
from our wedding day?
Barry. I have no idea
how this is gonna end.
We're under attack
from the Negative Speed Force.
Deep down inside.
I have a feeling
that right now.
you're under attack. too.
Tonight. a new world begins!
No matter what. I know
that the love that we share
and the connection
that we have
can never be broken.
because we will never stop
fighting for it.
I felt so powerless today.
but I guess this is me saying
that I'm standing
on my own two feet.
And I'm gonna be strong.
And I know we'll find our way
back to each other.
We always do.
What is happening?
Did you just summon me?
Who are you?
I'm the Speed Force.
Are you okay?
No.
I used up some of my last bits
of strength to bring you here.
Uh!
I can't help your friends.
not anymore.
It's up to you.
I can't help anyone.
Even when I try. I hurt people.
That's what a friend of mine
told me. and he's right.
I'm inhuman.
I know.
That's the point.
Human emotions.
human feelings--
they give us strength.
but they can also
weigh us down.
Look what happened
to you today.
You were so blinded by emotion
that you couldn't see the truth
right in front of you.
The Mark wasn't
really Mark at all.
Well then.
why don't you defeat him?
Because my power is fading.
I am running out of time.
Khione. and so are you.
But you are still denying
who you really are.
No. I'm not denying anything.
I've tried to figure out
who I am. what my powers are.
where they came from.
Seven months ago.
you made it snow.
Today. you transformed people's
physiology with a thought.
What else have you done?
I can become any element.
I have rescued people. animals.
entire ecosystems
from invading
unnatural assailants.
I can feel everything
all over the planet.
a volcano exploding in Bali.
a blade of grass in Peru--
every living thing.
It sounds to me
like you already know
what you are.
Please. Khione.
help your friends.
Embrace your power.
What if I can't?
Then your team. this city.
and everyone on the planet
will suffer.
What's happening?
I got
the cobalt scanners working.
They picked up
on Mark's signature.
Wait. isn't that--
Caitlin's old apartment?
Yeah.
Oh. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
The barometric pressure there
just shifted 1.000 millibars?
That's like a hurricane's
about to hit the place.
No. that's no hurricane.
I've been waiting
for you. Khione.
You're the only one left
that I have to take
off the board
before I can get everything
I want--
the only one
who can protect her.
So.. let's do this.
Bring it on.
Something's
different about you.
The Speed Force
helped me embrace
all the power that's inside me.
and it is a lot of power.
But I don't wanna hurt you.
so I'm gonna give you
one more chance.
Leave my friend's body
and crawl back to whatever hole
in the universe you came from.
There's not a chance.
See. if you wanna take me out.
you've got to murder
your best friend.
What are you talking about?
Oh. did your life coach
not get into the nitty-gritty
with you when she gave you
your little pep talk?
So here's the deal.
Mark--he's still in here.
and I am not leaving this body.
So if you wanna stop me.
really stop me.
the only way is to kill Mark.
Gideon?
Can you scan me
for anything unusual?
Of course. Scanning.
You're having
mild contractions.
I'm in labor?
So long as I have
this crystal...
I am in charge.
I know.
That's why I'm removing it.
Sorry. Mark.
This is gonna hurt.
What the hell?
What'd you do to me?
I saved you.
Huh.
Where'd that thing go?
I don't know.
but it can't be good.
Oh. frak yeah!
I'm not picking up
cobalt radiation anymore.
Yes! Yes!
That means Khione won...
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Right?
Ah!
What--what's wrong?
What happened?
Oh. God. I just--
I'm getting
a massive wave of panic--
but also joy?
Guys. the baby's coming.
Iris. honey.
that's great news!
Hey. you all right?
I'm getting a lot
of wild emotions off of you.
No. I am really happy.
I am.
I just--I thought Barry
would be back in time.
Guys. what's--what's that?
Barry?
Iris.
Is it really you?
Yeah.
I'm back.
Oh!
Oh. man. I knew
you'd find your way home.
Yeah. I did. too.
but. Barry.
we gotta get Iris
to the hospital. like. now.
- Right now?
- Yeah.
We're having a baby.
There you go.
- Oof.
- You got this.
- Okay.
- Yeah?
I think they're gone.
- Okay.
- Oof. Ooh.
- You okay?
- Uh-huh.
Woo.
I didn't think
you'd enjoy contractions.
Oh. no. they're horrible.
I just--
I don't care.
just as long as you're here.
I'm just sorry that I
wasn't there for you today.
everything that
you went through.
I always knew that someday.
my life would lead me
back to that night.
the night my mom died.
I just thought that when
it came. I'd be afraid.
I wasn't.
I got the chance
to see my parents again.
and I felt peace.
I'm home now.
I'm not going anywhere.
I love you. Iris.
I love you.
She's doing great.
Oh. thank you.
Oh. that's terrific.
Allegra's almost done
with her iodine treatment.
She'll be here any minute.
Oh. tell her
to take her time.
The doctor says
we still have a few more hours
before the baby arrives.
Now we just need to hope
that crystal
doesn't show up again
in the meantime.
Nora said Mark was possessed
by the Negative Speed Force.
Whatever that crystal is.
it's unlike any weapon
we've ever seen before.
It's traveling through time.
trying to use our friends
to kill us
all through the timeline.
all at once.
I'm gonna go and start
looking for this rock
before it finds another victim.
Mark. are you sure
you're up for that?
You were just reborn.
Yeah. I feel fine.
you know. physically.
I'm just glad you're back.
I missed my friend.
You know. I was away
these last seven months.
I thought
about you all the time.
I was wondering
how you were doing.
Look at you.
You've already become
even more powerful
than I ever
could have dreamed.
You saved me
from the Negative Speed Force.
How did you do that?
I returned you to Earth.
the mother of us all.
And once you were safe
in her embrace.
I raised you up.
Given that kind of power.
what even are you?
I'm a goddess.
So what. are you like
the Speed Force now?
Not exactly.
I'm not just connected
to one force. or one element.
but all of them.
And if I'm gonna explore
what that really entails...
I don't think it's my destiny
to protect just this team.
or this city.
Everything's got to change.
What are you saying. exactly?
I don't think
I can stay here--
with you. with this team.
I think I need to leave.
Uh. what?
Not yet.
First. I'll help you stop
the negative Speed Force.
Look. Khione.
whatever you need. we--ah!
Oh. no!
Barry!
I can't feel him anymore.
He's gone. again.
Malcolm!
Stop what you're doing. okay?
This is a crime.
I need to see his corpse.
It's the only way
I'll know the truth.
About what?
This is insane!
I look like him!
I have visions of his memories!
And there's this voice
in my head.
pushing and pushing!
You can't be him.
It's all just coincidence.
There's no such thing
as a coincidence.
No such thing
Ah!
I couldn't wait.
I love you.
Detective?
Eddie. we need your help.
Iris West.
Eddie?
Eddie!
What did you do?
Eddie. no!
It's just you and me. okay?
Say it.
No.
No!
Eddie!
I remember everything.
I shot myself in the chest.
That wasn't you.
Now put your hands
behind your back.
I am Eddie Thawne.
and I'll prove it to you.
Now do you believe me?
Greg. move your head!